[chore] Add notice about localhost breaking change (#231)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-otel-collector: config_examples/README.md

> The examples in this directory are for documentation purposes only and are not considered stable. Examples
> may change at any time and without notice.

> [!CAUTION]
> It is generally preferable to bind endpoints to localhost when all clients are local.

> > As of this release, that is also the default, but for convenience, our example 

Reviewer: We could link to the release like this (not available yet but it will link correctly when the release is published).

```suggestion
> As of [v0.9.0](https://github.com/Dynatrace/dynatrace-otel-collector/releases/tag/v0.9.0), that is also the default, but for convenience, our example 
```

This way users immediately know which version this change was made in. :slightly_smiling_face:

> > configurations use the “unspecified” address 0.0.0.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> configurations use the “unspecified” address `0.0.0.0`.
```

> > For details concerning either of these choices as endpoint configuration value, see [Safeguards against denial of service attacks.](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/v0.104.0/docs/security-best-practices.md#safeguards-against-denial-of-service-attacks)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> For details concerning either of these choices as endpoint configuration value, see [Safeguards against denial of service attacks](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/v0.104.0/docs/security-best-practices.md#safeguards-against-denial-of-service-attacks).
```

the tiniest of nits.

> > For details concerning either of these choices as endpoint configuration value, see [Safeguards against denial of service attacks](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/v0.104.0/docs/security-best-practices.md#safeguards-against-denial-of-service-attacks).

Reviewer 2: Usually referencing a tag is best, but if we go for main here, one would always see the latest version even if they extend or revise the paragraph.
```suggestion
> For details concerning either of these choices as endpoint configuration value, see [Safeguards against denial of service attacks](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/docs/security-best-practices.md#safeguards-against-denial-of-service-attacks).
```

Author: I used the tag to be sure that the link always works. If somebody move the content somewhere else or changes the headline, we'll have a 404 here.
